As you can see, the world is changing in the age of AI, but are people and companies or governments preparing properly? KBS interviewed the vice president of Microsoft, Brad Smith, who visited Korea. I heard what kind of role people should consider in the world where AI will change and what kind of work they are preparing with Korean companies. Hello, Mr. President. The founder Bill Gates' speech was well-known in Korea. He had an interview with KBS last year. First, I asked AI who Brad Smith is and who he is. He said he is a leader who values human-centered business culture. Is that correct? I won't complain. I saw the New York Times a few days ago. It said that Samsung is reviewing how to switch its search engine from Google to Microsoft. Did you discuss this with Samsung? You invested $10 billion in OpenAI. It's over $13 trillion in Korean money. Could you tell us more about MS's specific goal to achieve through AI? We provide the technology on which OpenAI builds these models. And then we provide the data centers, including in Korea, so that people are accessing them. But I think our goal fundamentally is to take technology to a higher level. I asked AI a few questions. First, will the age of technology help humanity or threaten humanity? The answer is that the impact it has on humanity is a double-edged sword. It all depends on how human beings use it. And I think our role is to identify where there are risks and put in safeguards or guardrails to protect against its abuse. I asked AI what side effects it is worried about. It said, I don't need to worry about side effects. AI is a machine. It's the job of us as humans to worry. It's my job, our job at Microsoft to worry. It's our job to hope. Recently, Elon Musk of Tesla and some AI experts have said that we need to stop developing high-tech AI for at least half a year. What is MS's position on this? Students and parents in a country with a high level of education like Korea may be curious about this. AI answers all the questions. But what does it study for? Will AI be able to free students from studying? What do you think is the area where Korean companies can gain strength? Is there a plan for Microsoft to cooperate with Korean companies in this area? In the end, it was an interview to look back on the era of technology, not AI, but people who make and use it. I hope to see you again with better technology. Thank you for your time today. Please search TongTongTV online.
